Docs: add reference to flog CLI args (#9638)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/getting-started/_index.md

        ```
        docker-compose down
        ```

>     1. Edit the `docker-compose.yaml` file.  Within the YAML file, change the `flog.command` field's value to specify your flog output. See the `flog` command line arguments here: https://hub.docker.com/r/mingrammer/flog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Edit the `docker-compose.yaml` file.  Within the YAML file, change the `flog.command` field's value to specify your flog output. Refer to the `flog` (command line arguments)[https://hub.docker.com/r/mingrammer/flog].
```
